doc: internal audit fixing tokenomics (#206)
valory-xyz/autonolas-tokenomics: audits/README.md

An internal audit with a focus on PoAA Staking fixing after C4A is located in this folder: [internal audit 5](https://github.com/valory-xyz/autonolas-tokenomics/blob/main/audits/internal5).

> An internal audit with a focus on tokenimics fixing is located in this folder: [internal audit 6](https://github.com/valory-xyz/autonolas-tokenomics/blob/main/audits/internal6).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An internal audit with a focus on tokenimics inflation update is located in this folder: [internal audit 6](https://github.com/valory-xyz/autonolas-tokenomics/blob/main/audits/internal6).
```
